I misunderstood that you were a blood harming beast when you saved them.
I misunderstood that you had ridden me over and over again as if I wanted to kill us at zero.
Why isn't this a blood harming beast? What are they?
You deserve it too.
You still can’t see them clearly from there?
I can't see clearly. What's wrong with you?
I tell you. You just eat a second-generation disciple who was first deceived by his family.
I misunderstood that if the group gave you a mouthful of food, you would live. I misunderstood that if the group kicked you apart, you would die.
How about you contact Liu Hua? Let’s talk!
It’s true that Xi Zhang was born!
It can be said that everyone is a misunderstood shareholder.
You should have heard what I just said.
You are the choice
Follow Lu Huai all the way to the dark side
Until the shares in your hands
All worthless
It’s better to vote for the West Bank as soon as possible
Be wise and protect the gods
No one should ever make a choice, right?
In the final analysis, does this matter belong to just the two of us?
Why sign a joint
Everyone deserves to have all their net worth
How can I clean it up?
I signed them
They are following Han to save their lives
You know you've given in?
Hua conditions remain unchanged
Kneel down and turn down the lot
This can be chosen far
Come and rule for me
Don't sign for fake girls
It's quite beautiful to block it. You can also barrage Luo Bencheng.
I'm so angry
This group of trash
Stronger and as deep as smoke